Files: IreneViernesFinalProject.css, IreneViernesFinalProject.html, IreneViernesFinalProjectabout.html, IreneViernesFinalProjectportfolio.html, IreneViernesFinalProjectcontact.html

Final Project Overview
If you've made it to this point, your Final Project should be ready for submission. You will submit your final website now.
Final Project Guidelines
The Final Project will be graded on three components: 
	1	The Website project itself with all the technical requirements.
	2	The progress milestones leading up to your completed website.
	3	The appearance and design of your Website. 
Technical Requirements
	1	Project contains 3 pages (no more than 7) dedicated to your topic.
	2	At least 3 subcategories (meaning, menu items such as About, Products, Gallery, Contact).
	3	Your pages must have unique titles (unless it's an inline design). 
	4	Images and text on every page.
	5	External CSS file that controls layout
	6	Site functions in all browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and Edge)
	a	Incorporate some of the topics we've covered in class:
	i	Appropriate meta tags.
	ii	One e-mail hyperlink on the contact page.
	iii	Consistency in design from page to page.
	iv	Designed for your target audience.
	v	Specialty fonts. 
	vi	Multimedia. 
	vii	One page containing a form or a table.
Submission:
Submission Requirements
Please upload your final project to GitHub. Include the HTML files (index and other pages), the CSS files, any images and multimedia, and all other documentation of the site, as needed. 
	•	Include a description of what the page(s) output in a readme.txt.
	•	Include the page name in your readme.txt file.
	•	Use well-formatted, easy-to-read, and commented code.
	•	User-friendly interface, including readable output, Interface is self-explaining.
	•	View the website using the GitHub HTML previewer: GitHub & BitBucket HTML Preview Links to an external site.  
	•	Submit a YouTube video link or screenshot(s) of the application in action!
NOTE: * If you complete your final project fulfilling all the technical requirements, that is a passing grade, and it doesn't necessarily mean that you will be getting the highest grade. Pay close attention to all the requirements, not just the technical ones. For the grade of A your website has to be stellar based on the design principles we discussed in class.
